Add rule docs for 0.16.1 integration updates (#1587)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/downloadable-packages/0-16-1/prebuilt-rule-0-16-1-scheduled-task-execution-at-scale-via-gpo.asciidoc

* https://github.com/atc-project/atc-data/blob/f2bbb51ecf68e2c9f488e3c70dcdd3df51d2a46b/docs/Logging_Policies/LP_0029_windows_audit_detailed_file_share.md
* https://labs.f-secure.com/tools/sharpgpoabuse
* https://twitter.com/menasec1/status/1106899890377052160
* https://github.com/SigmaHQ/sigma/blob/master/rules/windows/builtin/win_gpo_scheduledtasks.yml

*Tags*: 

* Elastic
* Host
* Windows
* Threat Detection
* Privilege Escalation
* Active Directory

*Version*: 2

*Rule authors*: 

* Elastic

*Rule license*: Elastic License v2

==== Investigation guide

[source, markdown]
----------------------------------
## Triage and analysis

### Investigating Scheduled Task Execution at Scale via GPO

Group Policy Objects can be used by attackers to execute scheduled tasks at scale to compromise objects controlled by a
given GPO. This is done by changing the contents of the `<GPOPath>\Machine\Preferences\ScheduledTasks\ScheduledTasks.xml`
file.

#### Possible investigation steps:
- This attack abuses a legitimate mechanism of the Active Directory, so it is important to determine whether the activity
is legitimate and the administrator is authorized to perform this operation.

> - Retrieve the contents of the `ScheduledTasks.xml` file, ánd check the `<Command>` and `<Arguments>` XML tags for any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Retrieve the contents of the `ScheduledTasks.xml` file, and check the `<Command>` and `<Arguments>` XML tags for any
```

potentially malicious commands and binaries.
- If the action is suspicious for the user, check for any other activities done by the user in the last 48 hours.

### False Positive Analysis
- Verify if the execution is allowed and done under change management, and if the execution is legitimate.

### Related Rules
- Group Policy Abuse for Privilege Addition
- Startup/Logon Script added to Group Policy Object

### Response and Remediation

> - Immediate response should be taken to validate activity, investigate, and potentially isolate activity to prevent further

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Immediate steps should be taken to validate activity, investigate, and potentially isolate activity to prevent further
```

post-compromise behavior.

## Config

> The 'Audit Detailed File Share' audit policy is required be configured (Success Failure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The 'Audit Detailed File Share' audit policy must be configured (Success Failure).
```
